= Changes log for Taverna Player

== Version 0.8.0

* Add a note about Taverna Server compatibility to the ReadMe.
* [SERVINF-457] Clear "waiting for user input" message.
* Remove odd save! in worker code.
* Move to use the rubyzip 1.0 API.

== Version 0.7.0

* Refactor full run JSON output.
* Improve the runs/new JSON output.
* Add more interaction fields to the JSON output.
* Fix non-ASCII character in gemspec info.
* Fix non-ASCII character in README.
* [TAV-508] Allow workers to run against different servers.
* [TAV-511] Don't save run log if it's an empty file.
* Add note about JSON interface to the Readme.
* Add a note about the API Docs to the Readme.
* Rework the testing of an empty log file for better testing.
* Add tests for taverna credentials in env variable.
* [TAV-512] Fix overzealous file extension restrictions for inputs.
* Add an alert flash to the test layout.
* Use flash[:alert] not flash[:error].
* Recover from failed run creation more gracefully.
* Bump version of t2-server gem we are using.

== Version 0.6.0

* [TAV-485] Set up separate worker integration test.
* [TAV-469] Fix notification interactions.
* Delete cancelled runs rake task not working.
* [TAV-495] Stop interactions from changing the document title.
* [TAV-493] Namespace preset values for embedded runs.
* Setup Travis-CI.
* Add a travis badge to the readme.
* Add Coveralls integration to the tests.
* Allow configuration of the delayed_job queue name.
* Update tests to properly test all callback code.
* Add documentation for the job_queue_name option.
* [TAV-496] Allow workflow file to be passed in to worker.
* Guard against missing input presets in embedded view.
* Add a job queue listing page.
* Move admin type resources into their own namespace.
* [TAV-485] Better tests for the worker code.
* [TAV-485] Ensure run is backed-off before starting.
* [TAV-485] Ensure run is backed-off before creation.
* [TAV-485] Test a failing run.
* [TAV-485] Test a cancelled run.
* Add a coveralls badge to the readme.
* Factor out the worker failure handler.
* Add a worker test for failure within the failure callback.
* Add a worker test for failure within the cancelled callback.
* Assert that there is a run failure message on failure.
* Add a worker test for failure within the pre_run callback.
* Add a worker test for failure within the post_run callback.
* [TAV-457] Add I18n file for run status messages.
* [TAV-457] Install the locale file in the install generator.
* Don't save translated run status message in the database.
* Use the locale file for validation error message.
* [TAV-499] Clean up timed out runs properly.
* Update missed translation keys in the installed locale file.
* Update the coderay dependency.
* Update the delayed_job dependency.
* Update Paperclip dependency.
* Update the JBuilder dependency.
* Allow use of latest jquery-rails gem.
* Factor out running callbacks in the worker.
* Simplified method of choosing which layout to use
* Force input data to be treated as binary initially.
* Add tests for small non-ascii/utf-8 values.
* Make the controller dependency chain more explicit.
* Added test to see if input RunPorts are created along with the run

== Version 0.5.0

* [TAV-480] Refactor output port downloading.
* [TAV-480] Add a method to download input ports.
* [TAV-475] Add RunPort::value_size= setter.
* [TAV-475] Add RunPort::value_type= setter.
* Use the new metadata setters in the worker code.
* Add some tests for internal list code.
* [TAV-482] Refactor Zip operations into a concern.
* Fix typo in RunPort#value_is_text? documentation.
* Add RunPort#value_is_error? method.
* [TAV-483] Fix getting error values from deep values.
* Minor fix in RunPort#deep_value.
* [TAV-484] RunPort#value returns zipped lists.
* Add RunPort#filename.
* Refactor RunsController.
* [TAV-482] Refactor worker code to use Zip concern.

== Version 0.4.0

* [TAV-466] Add port metadata to JSON output.
* [TAV-472] Fix port model overriding stubs.
* Add methods to query a port value's type.
* Add a method to get a port value's size.
* Add protection for value size and type methods.
* Check that index lists are not altered.
* Use the new port value methods in the port renderer.
* [TAV-473] Get all values types directly from a port.

== Version 0.3.0

* Refactor callback code out into its own module.
* Fix classname typo in port model templates.
* Enable getting deep list outputs from the port models.
* Add a method to get a route (path) to a port.
* [TAV-465] Refactor renderers and add list rendering.
* Factor out common list handling code for sharing.
* Rename and re-document renderers.

== Version 0.2.1

* Fix classname typo in port model templates.

== Version 0.2.0

* [TAV-461] Remove unique_id from the interaction table.
* [TAV-353] Optimize table indexing.
* [TAV-353] Set inverse relationships in the models.
* [TAV-353] Remove unused Paperclip columns.
* [TAV-462] Separate out the config for Taverna Server.
* [TAV-463] Serialize metadata field on input port.
* [TAV-464] Allow RunPort model to be overridden.
* [TAV-464] Allow overriding of Input and Output models.

== About this CHANGES file

This file is, at least in part, generated by the following command:

 $ git log --pretty=format:"* %s" --reverse --no-merges <commit-hash>..
